#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements.txt requirements.in
#
--index-url https://psono.jfrog.io/psono/api/pypi/pypi/simple

adal==1.2.7
    # via
    #   azure-datalake-store
    #   msrestazure
azure-applicationinsights==0.1.0
    # via azure
azure-batch==4.1.3
    # via azure
azure-common==1.1.27
    # via
    #   azure-applicationinsights
    #   azure-batch
    #   azure-cosmosdb-table
    #   azure-eventgrid
    #   azure-graphrbac
    #   azure-keyvault
    #   azure-loganalytics
    #   azure-mgmt-advisor
    #   azure-mgmt-applicationinsights
    #   azure-mgmt-authorization
    #   azure-mgmt-batch
    #   azure-mgmt-batchai
    #   azure-mgmt-billing
    #   azure-mgmt-cdn
    #   azure-mgmt-cognitiveservices
    #   azure-mgmt-commerce
    #   azure-mgmt-compute
    #   azure-mgmt-consumption
    #   azure-mgmt-containerinstance
    #   azure-mgmt-containerregistry
    #   azure-mgmt-containerservice
    #   azure-mgmt-cosmosdb
    #   azure-mgmt-datafactory
    #   azure-mgmt-datalake-analytics
    #   azure-mgmt-datalake-store
    #   azure-mgmt-datamigration
    #   azure-mgmt-devspaces
    #   azure-mgmt-devtestlabs
    #   azure-mgmt-dns
    #   azure-mgmt-eventgrid
    #   azure-mgmt-eventhub
    #   azure-mgmt-hanaonazure
    #   azure-mgmt-iotcentral
    #   azure-mgmt-iothub
    #   azure-mgmt-iothubprovisioningservices
    #   azure-mgmt-keyvault
    #   azure-mgmt-loganalytics
    #   azure-mgmt-logic
    #   azure-mgmt-machinelearningcompute
    #   azure-mgmt-managementgroups
    #   azure-mgmt-managementpartner
    #   azure-mgmt-maps
    #   azure-mgmt-marketplaceordering
    #   azure-mgmt-media
    #   azure-mgmt-monitor
    #   azure-mgmt-msi
    #   azure-mgmt-network
    #   azure-mgmt-notificationhubs
    #   azure-mgmt-policyinsights
    #   azure-mgmt-powerbiembedded
    #   azure-mgmt-rdbms
    #   azure-mgmt-recoveryservices
    #   azure-mgmt-recoveryservicesbackup
    #   azure-mgmt-redis
    #   azure-mgmt-relay
    #   azure-mgmt-reservations
    #   azure-mgmt-resource
    #   azure-mgmt-scheduler
    #   azure-mgmt-search
    #   azure-mgmt-servicebus
    #   azure-mgmt-servicefabric
    #   azure-mgmt-signalr
    #   azure-mgmt-sql
    #   azure-mgmt-storage
    #   azure-mgmt-subscription
    #   azure-mgmt-trafficmanager
    #   azure-mgmt-web
    #   azure-servicebus
    #   azure-servicefabric
    #   azure-servicemanagement-legacy
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   azure-storage-common
    #   azure-storage-file
    #   azure-storage-queue
azure-cosmosdb-nspkg==2.0.2
    # via azure-cosmosdb-table
azure-cosmosdb-table==1.0.6
    # via azure
azure-datalake-store==0.0.52
    # via azure
azure-eventgrid==1.3.0
    # via azure
azure-graphrbac==0.40.0
    # via azure
azure-keyvault==1.1.0
    # via azure
azure-loganalytics==0.1.0
    # via azure
azure-mgmt-advisor==1.0.1
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-applicationinsights==0.1.1
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-authorization==0.50.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-batch==5.0.1
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-batchai==2.0.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-billing==0.2.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-cdn==3.1.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-cognitiveservices==3.0.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-commerce==1.0.1
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-compute==4.6.2
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-consumption==2.0.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-containerinstance==1.5.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-containerregistry==2.8.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-containerservice==4.4.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-cosmosdb==0.4.1
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-datafactory==0.6.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-datalake-analytics==0.6.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-datalake-nspkg==3.0.1
    # via
    #   azure-mgmt-datalake-analytics
    #   azure-mgmt-datalake-store
azure-mgmt-datalake-store==0.5.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-datamigration==1.0.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-devspaces==0.1.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-devtestlabs==2.2.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-dns==2.1.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-eventgrid==1.0.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-eventhub==2.6.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-hanaonazure==0.1.1
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-iotcentral==0.1.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-iothub==0.5.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-iothubprovisioningservices==0.2.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-keyvault==1.1.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-loganalytics==0.2.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-logic==3.0.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-machinelearningcompute==0.4.1
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-managementgroups==0.1.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-managementpartner==0.1.1
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-maps==0.1.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-marketplaceordering==0.1.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-media==1.0.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-monitor==0.5.2
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-msi==0.2.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-network==2.7.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-notificationhubs==2.1.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-nspkg==3.0.2
    # via
    #   azure-mgmt-advisor
    #   azure-mgmt-applicationinsights
    #   azure-mgmt-authorization
    #   azure-mgmt-batch
    #   azure-mgmt-batchai
    #   azure-mgmt-billing
    #   azure-mgmt-cognitiveservices
    #   azure-mgmt-commerce
    #   azure-mgmt-consumption
    #   azure-mgmt-cosmosdb
    #   azure-mgmt-datafactory
    #   azure-mgmt-datalake-nspkg
    #   azure-mgmt-datamigration
    #   azure-mgmt-devspaces
    #   azure-mgmt-devtestlabs
    #   azure-mgmt-dns
    #   azure-mgmt-eventgrid
    #   azure-mgmt-hanaonazure
    #   azure-mgmt-iotcentral
    #   azure-mgmt-iothub
    #   azure-mgmt-iothubprovisioningservices
    #   azure-mgmt-keyvault
    #   azure-mgmt-loganalytics
    #   azure-mgmt-logic
    #   azure-mgmt-machinelearningcompute
    #   azure-mgmt-managementgroups
    #   azure-mgmt-maps
    #   azure-mgmt-marketplaceordering
    #   azure-mgmt-monitor
    #   azure-mgmt-msi
    #   azure-mgmt-policyinsights
    #   azure-mgmt-powerbiembedded
    #   azure-mgmt-recoveryservices
    #   azure-mgmt-recoveryservicesbackup
    #   azure-mgmt-redis
    #   azure-mgmt-relay
    #   azure-mgmt-reservations
    #   azure-mgmt-scheduler
    #   azure-mgmt-servicefabric
    #   azure-mgmt-signalr
    #   azure-mgmt-sql
    #   azure-mgmt-storage
    #   azure-mgmt-subscription
    #   azure-mgmt-trafficmanager
    #   azure-mgmt-web
azure-mgmt-policyinsights==0.1.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-powerbiembedded==2.0.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-rdbms==1.9.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-recoveryservices==0.3.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-recoveryservicesbackup==0.3.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-redis==5.0.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-relay==0.1.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-reservations==0.2.1
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-resource==2.2.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-scheduler==2.0.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-search==2.1.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-servicebus==0.5.3
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-servicefabric==0.2.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-signalr==0.1.1
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-sql==0.9.1
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-storage==2.0.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-subscription==0.2.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-trafficmanager==0.50.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-web==0.35.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt==4.0.0
    # via azure
azure-nspkg==3.0.2
    # via
    #   azure-applicationinsights
    #   azure-batch
    #   azure-cosmosdb-nspkg
    #   azure-graphrbac
    #   azure-keyvault
    #   azure-loganalytics
    #   azure-mgmt-nspkg
    #   azure-servicebus
    #   azure-servicefabric
    #   azure-servicemanagement-legacy
azure-servicebus==0.21.1
    # via azure
azure-servicefabric==6.3.0.0
    # via azure
azure-servicemanagement-legacy==0.20.7
    # via azure
azure-storage-blob==1.5.0
    # via azure
azure-storage-common==1.4.2
    # via
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   azure-storage-file
    #   azure-storage-queue
azure-storage-file==1.4.0
    # via azure
azure-storage-queue==1.4.0
    # via azure
azure==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
bcrypt==3.1.7
    # via -r requirements.in
boto3==1.12.36
    # via -r requirements.in
botocore==1.15.36
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
certifi==2019.11.28
    # via
    #   msrest
    #   requests
cffi==1.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-datalake-store
    #   bcrypt
    #   cryptography
    #   psycopg2cffi
    #   pynacl
chardet==3.0.4
    # via requests
cryptography==3.4.7
    # via
    #   adal
    #   azure-cosmosdb-table
    #   azure-keyvault
    #   azure-storage-common
defusedxml==0.6.0
    # via python3-openid
dj-database-url==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-allauth==0.41.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-anymail==7.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-cors-headers==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-postgrespool2==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-redis==4.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-rest-auth==0.9.5
    # via -r requirements.in
django==2.2.24
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-anymail
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-filter
    #   django-postgrespool2
    #   django-redis
    #   django-rest-auth
    #   djangorestframework
djangorestframework==3.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-rest-auth
docutils==0.15.2
    # via botocore
duo-client==4.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==2.9
    # via requests
isodate==0.6.0
    # via msrest
jmespath==0.9.5
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
markdown==3.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
more-itertools==7.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
msrest==0.6.21
    # via
    #   azure-applicationinsights
    #   azure-eventgrid
    #   azure-keyvault
    #   azure-loganalytics
    #   azure-mgmt-cdn
    #   azure-mgmt-compute
    #   azure-mgmt-containerinstance
    #   azure-mgmt-containerregistry
    #   azure-mgmt-containerservice
    #   azure-mgmt-dns
    #   azure-mgmt-eventhub
    #   azure-mgmt-keyvault
    #   azure-mgmt-managementpartner
    #   azure-mgmt-media
    #   azure-mgmt-network
    #   azure-mgmt-notificationhubs
    #   azure-mgmt-rdbms
    #   azure-mgmt-resource
    #   azure-mgmt-search
    #   azure-mgmt-servicebus
    #   azure-mgmt-servicefabric
    #   azure-mgmt-signalr
    #   azure-servicefabric
    #   msrestazure
msrestazure==0.6.4
    # via
    #   azure-batch
    #   azure-eventgrid
    #   azure-graphrbac
    #   azure-keyvault
    #   azure-mgmt-advisor
    #   azure-mgmt-applicationinsights
    #   azure-mgmt-authorization
    #   azure-mgmt-batch
    #   azure-mgmt-batchai
    #   azure-mgmt-billing
    #   azure-mgmt-cdn
    #   azure-mgmt-cognitiveservices
    #   azure-mgmt-commerce
    #   azure-mgmt-compute
    #   azure-mgmt-consumption
    #   azure-mgmt-containerinstance
    #   azure-mgmt-containerregistry
    #   azure-mgmt-containerservice
    #   azure-mgmt-cosmosdb
    #   azure-mgmt-datafactory
    #   azure-mgmt-datalake-analytics
    #   azure-mgmt-datalake-store
    #   azure-mgmt-datamigration
    #   azure-mgmt-devspaces
    #   azure-mgmt-devtestlabs
    #   azure-mgmt-dns
    #   azure-mgmt-eventgrid
    #   azure-mgmt-eventhub
    #   azure-mgmt-hanaonazure
    #   azure-mgmt-iotcentral
    #   azure-mgmt-iothub
    #   azure-mgmt-iothubprovisioningservices
    #   azure-mgmt-keyvault
    #   azure-mgmt-loganalytics
    #   azure-mgmt-logic
    #   azure-mgmt-machinelearningcompute
    #   azure-mgmt-managementgroups
    #   azure-mgmt-managementpartner
    #   azure-mgmt-maps
    #   azure-mgmt-marketplaceordering
    #   azure-mgmt-media
    #   azure-mgmt-monitor
    #   azure-mgmt-msi
    #   azure-mgmt-network
    #   azure-mgmt-notificationhubs
    #   azure-mgmt-policyinsights
    #   azure-mgmt-powerbiembedded
    #   azure-mgmt-rdbms
    #   azure-mgmt-recoveryservices
    #   azure-mgmt-recoveryservicesbackup
    #   azure-mgmt-redis
    #   azure-mgmt-relay
    #   azure-mgmt-reservations
    #   azure-mgmt-resource
    #   azure-mgmt-scheduler
    #   azure-mgmt-search
    #   azure-mgmt-servicebus
    #   azure-mgmt-servicefabric
    #   azure-mgmt-signalr
    #   azure-mgmt-sql
    #   azure-mgmt-storage
    #   azure-mgmt-subscription
    #   azure-mgmt-trafficmanager
    #   azure-mgmt-web
ntplib==0.3.4
    # via -r requirements.in
oauthlib==3.1.0
    # via requests-oauthlib
psycopg2cffi==2.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.20
    # via cffi
pycryptodomex==3.9.7
    # via -r requirements.in
pyjwt==2.1.0
    # via adal
pynacl==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyotp==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   adal
    #   azure-cosmosdb-table
    #   azure-storage-common
    #   botocore
python3-openid==3.1.0
    # via django-allauth
pytz==2019.3
    # via django
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
raven==6.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
redis==3.4.1
    # via django-redis
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via
    #   django-allauth
    #   msrest
requests==2.24.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   adal
    #   azure-cosmosdb-table
    #   azure-datalake-store
    #   azure-keyvault
    #   azure-servicebus
    #   azure-servicemanagement-legacy
    #   azure-storage-common
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-anymail
    #   msrest
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   yubico-client
s3transfer==0.3.3
    # via boto3
scrypt==0.8.13
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.14.0
    # via
    #   bcrypt
    #   django-anymail
    #   django-rest-auth
    #   duo-client
    #   isodate
    #   msrestazure
    #   psycopg2cffi
    #   pynacl
    #   python-dateutil
sqlalchemy==1.3.15
    # via django-postgrespool2
sqlparse==0.3.1
    # via django
toml==0.10.2
    # via -r requirements.in
urllib3==1.25.10
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
yubico-client==1.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
